Ah ah save me
how
It seems that something went wrong with the fifth master
Oh, Lord Yufeng
I'm really sorry.
My unsatisfactory son was bullied
It is said that the boy is very talented
And this kind of thing
Your Dragon and Tiger Hall just joined the Heavenly Soul Hall
Someone comes looking for trouble
I have nothing to do
I will accompany you to see what is sacred
Ah!
Then, my lord, it would be better if you went out
Haha please go please
If you don't have enough manpower in Dragon and Tiger Hall
This lord can call the power of the Sword Soul Palace
To help you breathe
Hey, thank you, Master Tamao
Welcome to the opposite side for a walk
Luo Gang cannon, right?
Wasn't it awesome just now?
Fang Chen, wait for me
Wait for my dad to come
Look, it won't kill you.
Dad?
Chu Wangba